JAR-9243 (#21)
nimbix/jardoc: docs/kns_apps_tutorial.md

> # Jarvice KNS Applications tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Jarvice Kubernetes Nested Scheduler (KNS) Applications tutorial
```

![GlobalProcess](img/apps_tutorial/SuperNimbix.svg)

> Note: it is assumed that the user is already familliar with Jarvice Push to Compute (P2C). Please refer to [apps tutorial](apps_tutorial.md).

Reviewer 2: Note: It is assumed that the user is familiar with Jarvice Push to Compute (P2C). For more information, please refer to [apps tutorial](apps_tutorial.md).

> Note: it is assumed that the user is already familliar with Jarvice Push to Compute (P2C). Please refer to [apps tutorial](apps_tutorial.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: It is assumed that the user is familiar with Jarvice Push to Compute (P2C). For more information, please refer to [apps tutorial](apps_tutorial.md).
```

> Note: it is assumed that the user is already familliar with Jarvice Push to Compute (P2C). Please refer to [apps tutorial](apps_tutorial.md).

Reviewer: We are not saying anything regarding that the user should use a region / cluster / zone in which KNS is installed and that information about this should be asked to the local System Administrator.

Author: You mean select the proper zone inside the Jarvice Portal ?
In theory, its part of the general training of Jarvice.

Reviewer: OK. Nothing to do then.

> Note 2: This tutorial assumes user is building applications based on `appdefversion` version `2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note 2: This tutorial assumes that the user is building applications based on `appdefversion` version `2`.
```

## 1. Introduction

> Before creating apps for KNS scheduler, it is important to understand how KNS operates, and what exactly is the KNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating apps for the KNS scheduler, it is important to understand how KNS operates, and what exactly the KNS is.
```

> KNS stands for Kubernetes Nested Scheduler. As the name says, KNS is a Jarvice downstream component that will spawn nested Kubernetes clusters (based on K3S)
> and will deploy Kubernetes based apps inside these nested clusters, as jobs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
KNS stands for Kubernetes Nested Scheduler. As the name says, KNS is a Jarvice downstream component that will spawn nested Kubernetes clusters (based on K3S) and will deploy Kubernetes based apps inside these nested clusters, as jobs.
```

> While traditional Jarvice downstreams are made for HPC jobs and parallel short term jobs, KNS has been designed to host long running jobs with massive scaleup capabilities. KNS is in theory capable or running anything that can run on a Kubernetes cluster, making it a very nice shared "sandbox".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While traditional Jarvice downstreams are made for HPC jobs and parallel short term jobs, KNS has been designed to host long running jobs with massive scaleup capabilities. KNS is, in theory, capable of running anything that can run on a Kubernetes cluster, making it a very nice shared "sandbox".
```

> While traditional Jarvice downstreams are made for HPC jobs and parallel short term jobs, KNS has been designed to host long running jobs with massive scaleup capabilities. KNS is in theory capable or running anything that can run on a Kubernetes cluster, making it a very nice shared "sandbox".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While traditional Jarvice downstreams are made for HPC jobs and parallel short term jobs, KNS has been designed to host long running jobs with massive scaleup capabilities. KNS is in theory capable or running anything that can run on a Kubernetes cluster, making it a very nice shared "sandbox".
```
```suggestion
While traditional Jarvice downstreams are made for HPC jobs and parallel short term jobs, KNS has been designed to host long running jobs with massive scale-up capabilities. KNS is in theory capable or running anything that can run on a Kubernetes cluster, making it a very nice shared "sandbox".
```

> KNS apps are docker images that contains files (mostly helm/kubectl/kustomize templates) and instructions to be used to deploy Kubernetes based apps, like Kubeflow, ArgoCD, Kubeai, etc. When launching a new job, the KNS will create a dedicated nested K3S cluster for the job, pull the app image from within this cluster, and use image's instructions to deploy the expected resources. Ingresses will allow user to access the nested cluster services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KNS apps are docker images that contain files (mostly helm/kubectl/kustomize templates) and instructions used to deploy Kubernetes based apps like Kubeflow, ArgoCD, Kubeai, etc. While launching a new job, the KNS creates a dedicated nested K3S cluster for the job, pulls the app image from within this cluster, and uses the image's instructions to deploy the expected resources. Ingress allows users to access the nested cluster services.
```

> KNS apps are docker images that contains files (mostly helm/kubectl/kustomize templates) and instructions to be used to deploy Kubernetes based apps, like Kubeflow, ArgoCD, Kubeai, etc. When launching a new job, the KNS will create a dedicated nested K3S cluster for the job, pull the app image from within this cluster, and use image's instructions to deploy the expected resources. Ingresses will allow user to access the nested cluster services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KNS apps are Docker images that contain files (mostly helm/kubectl/kustomize templates) and instructions to be used to deploy Kubernetes based apps, like Kubeflow, ArgoCD, Kubeai, etc. When launching a new job, the KNS will create a dedicated nested K3S cluster for the job, pull the app image from within this cluster, and use the image's instructions to deploy the expected resources. Ingresses will allow users to access the nested cluster services.
```

> Note: some apps example for KNS can be found in the [Nimbix kns-apps repository](https://github.com/nimbix/kns-apps).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: some apps example for KNS can be found in the [Nimbix kns-apps repository](https://github.com/nimbix/kns-apps). The rest of the tutorial is based on the [Hello World KNS app that can be found here](https://github.com/nimbix/kns-apps/tree/master/apps/hello_world)
```

> Note: some apps example for KNS can be found in the [Nimbix kns-apps repository](https://github.com/nimbix/kns-apps).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Some examples of KNS apps can be found in the [Nimbix kns-apps repository](https://github.com/nimbix/kns-apps).
```

> Note: some apps example for KNS can be found in the [Nimbix kns-apps repository](https://github.com/nimbix/kns-apps).

Reviewer: Repository is not public. We should check if we want to open it

Author: Good point, I asked if its possible to open it.

## 2. The AppDef.json KNS key

> KNS introduces a new key, `nestedkubernetes`, inside traditional *AppDef.json* file of Jarvice applications, at `commands` level.

Reviewer 3: I don't think that I see these new keys in the appdef section

Reviewer: See line 53

Reviewer 3: I mean at the documentation's section (different page) where the full appdef keys are explained

Reviewer: So you mean that we should also update appdef.md file, no?

Author: Good point.
I may need to update the other parts of the documentation too.
Please leave this comment unresolved for now.

Author: I only added the  nestedkubernetes key for now, since this is not stabilized yet.

A very basic hello world app would use the following AppDef.json file:

```json
{
    "name": "Hello World",
    "description": "Hello world app for KNS.",
    "author": "oxedions",
    "licensed": false,
    "appdefversion": 2,
    "classifications": [
        "Uncategorized"
    ],
    "machines": [
        "*"
    ],
    "vault-types": [
        "FILE",
        "BLOCK",
        "BLOCK_ARRAY",
        "OBJECT"
    ],
    "commands": {
        "Hello": {
            "path": "/usr/bin/true",
            "name": "Start nested http server",
            "description": "Start a nested http server for testing and to say hello world.",
            "parameters": {},
            "nestedkubernetes": {

>                 "kubernetes_version": "",

Reviewer 3: Might be worth having the next version of the appdef data model use only lowerCamelCase or full underscore or full -. But right now we have all of them

Author: Good point.
We can still fix this. We just have to allow retro-compatibility.
Let's keep lowercamelcase, it's simpler to fix.

Author: I opened a JIRA for that. JAR-9304

                "enable_gotty_shell": "true",
                "ingress_type": "subdomain",
                "targets": [
                    {
                        "service_name": "web",
                        "service_port": 8080,
                        "service_namespace": "default"
                    }
                ],
                "templates_settings": {
                    "global_retry": 20,
                    "global_retry_sleep": 15
                },
                "templates": [
                    {
                        "name": "google-sample",
                        "type": "kubectl",
                        "path": "google-sample.yml"
                    }
                ]
            }
        }
    },
    "image": {
        "type": "image/png",
        "data": ""
    }
}
```

> Lets examine this file step by steps. We will only focus on the commands part, everything else is the same than traditional Jarvice apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's examine this file step by step. We will only focus on the commands part, everything else is the same astraditional Jarvice apps.
```

```json
    "commands": {
        "Hello": {
```

> * `commands` is a list, so you can add any app entry points as needed. This can be useful to create an all-in-one app image for example.

Reviewer: Would not be more accurate to say that is a dictionary?

Author: You are right. Fixing.

> * `commands` is a list, so you can add any app entry points as needed. This can be useful to create an all-in-one app image for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `commands` is a list, so you can add any app entry points as needed. This can be useful for creating an all-in-one app image for example.
```

> * `hello` is the name of the current entry point for the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Hello` is the name of the current entry point for the app.
```

```json
        "Hello": {
            "path": "/usr/bin/true",
            "name": "Start nested http server",
            "description": "Start a nested http server for testing and to say hello world.",
            "parameters": {},
```

For KNS jobs, `path` and `parameters` are not used, but need to be present for the app to be usable by Jarvice upstream component.

> `path` should be set to `/usr/bin/true` and `parameters` left as an empty dict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`path` should be set to `/usr/bin/true` and `parameters` should be left as an empty dictionary.
```

> `name` and `description` will display as before some details about this entry point, for users to be able to choose between multiple if exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`name` and `description` will display as before some details about this entry point, for users to be able to choose between multiple if they exist.
```

```json
            "nestedkubernetes": {
                "kubernetes_version": "",
                "enable_gotty_shell": "true",
                "ingress_type": "subdomain",
                "targets": [
                    {
                        "service_name": "web",
                        "service_port": 8080,
                        "service_namespace": "default"
                    }
                ],
                "templates_settings": {
                    "global_retry": 20,
                    "global_retry_sleep": 15
                },
                "templates": [
                    {
                        "name": "google-sample",
                        "type": "kubectl",
                        "path": "google-sample.yml"
                    }
                ]
            }
```

`nestedkubernetes` is the new key that allows to define inside it all needed elements for a Kubernetes based app.

> Lets see each parts of this new dict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's see each partsof this new dictionary.
```

### 2.1. General parameters

```json
            "nestedkubernetes": {
                "kubernetes_version": "",
```

> * `kubernetes_version` allows to specify the Kubernetes version to be used for the K3S nested cluster. Format is `v1.X.Y` with `X` the major and `Y` the minor versions. For example: `v1.28.11`. See the compatibility matrix here: https://vcluster.com/docs/v0.19/deploying-vclusters/compat-matrix

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `kubernetes_version` allows to specify the Kubernetes version to be used for the K3S nested cluster. Format is `v1.X.Y` with `X` the major and `Y` the minor versions. For example: `v1.28.11`. See the compatibility matrix [here.](https://vcluster.com/docs/v0.19/deploying-vclusters/compat-matrix)
```

> * `kubernetes_version` allows to specify the Kubernetes version to be used for the K3S nested cluster. Format is `v1.X.Y` with `X` the major and `Y` the minor versions. For example: `v1.28.11`. See the compatibility matrix here: https://vcluster.com/docs/v0.19/deploying-vclusters/compat-matrix

Reviewer: First reference to vCluster. It is something that we have to ask the user to check? I think that as this is not obvious, it would be better to specify just the list of possible Kubernetes versions that are supported.

Author: Good point, I will fix that.

### 2.2. Ingress parameters

> Ingress parameters allow to connect app to the external world, by giving final user the URL to reach the app portal/entry point/API/etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingress parameters allow connecting the app to the external world, by giving the final user the URL to reach the app portal/entry point/API/etc.
```

```json
                "ingress_type": "subdomain",
```

> `ingress_type` specify the type of ingress to be use. By default it is `subdomain`, which means that for each job, the ingress URL will be of format kns-job-XXX.mycluster.example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ingress_type` specifies the type of ingress to be used. By default it is `subdomain`, which means that for each job, the ingress URL will be of format kns-job-XXX.mycluster.example.
```

> On some clusters, a subdomain based ingress cannot be used, and so instead of providing a subdomain based ingress, the url will be of format mycluster.example/XXX. To do so, set `ingress_type` to `prefix`. Note that not all KNS applications are compatible with this workaround (Kubeflow for example will not work).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some clusters, a subdomain based ingress cannot be used, and so instead of providing a subdomain based ingress, the URL will be of format mycluster.example/XXX. To do so, set `ingress_type` to `prefix`. Note that not all KNS applications are compatible with this workaround (Kubeflow for example will not work).
```

```json
                "targets": [
                    {
                        "service_name": "web",
                        "service_port": 8080,
                        "service_namespace": "default"
                    }
                ],
```

> `targets` list is then used to defind ingresses to spawn.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`targets` list is then used to define ingresses to spawn.
```

> For now, KNS will only consider the first item in the list. This limitation will be removed in later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, KNS will only consider the first item on the list. This limitation will be removed in later versions.
```

> For now, KNS will only consider the first item in the list. This limitation will be removed in later versions.

Reviewer: Do we have a JIRA story about this?

Author: Nop, I will create one.
JAR-9306

The following parameters are to be set for each ingress target:

* `service_name`: name of the service to link ingress to.
* `service_port`: port of the service to link ingress to.
* `service_namespace`: namespace where the service to link ingress to is.

### 2.3. Templates parameters

#### 2.3.1. Global settings

```json
                "templates_settings": {
                    "global_retry": 20,
                    "global_retry_sleep": 15
                },
```

Templates are provided as a list, named `templates`, which will be executed in an ordered manner.

> While each item of the list can set its own parameters, the following global parameters are available, which apply to all items of the tempate list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While each item of the list can set its own parameters, the following global parameters are available, which apply to all items of the template list:
```

> * `global_retry`: how much retry to do if executing the item failed. For example, if the kubectl apply of the template fail, it will be retried. This is useful when a step needs another previous one to have completed to succeed (resources running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `global_retry`: how much retry to do if executing the item failed. For example, if the kubectl apply of the template fail, it will be retried. This is useful when a step needs another previous one to have completed to succeed (resources running).
```
```suggestion
* `global_retry`: how much retry to do if executing the item failed. For example, if the `kubectl apply` of the template fails, it will be retried. This is useful when a step needs another previous one to be completed to succeed (resources running).
```

> * `global_retry_sleep`: how much seconds should we wait between each retry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `global_retry`: how many retries to do if executing the item failed. For example, if the kubectl apply of the template fail, it will be retried. This is useful when a step needs another previous one to have completed to succeed (resources running).
* `global_retry_sleep`: how many seconds should we wait between each retry.
```

#### 2.3.2. Templates

```json
                "templates": [
                    {
                        "name": "google-sample",
                        "type": "kubectl",
                        "path": "google-sample.yml"
                    }
                ]
```

> The `templates` list allow to execute instructions in an ordered manner, and to apply templates to deploy the app into the nested scheduler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `templates` list allows execution of instructions in an orderly manner and applies templates to deploy the app into the nested scheduler.
```

> Since the init pod runs with cluster-admin rights (inside the nested K3S cluster), templates can create new namespaces, cluster roles, etc.

Reviewer: Fist reference to init pod. This has not been explained before. Maybe it would be better to talk in general about KNS without references to internal components.

Author: Good point, I removed this sentence.

Note that before executing templates, the KNS will pull and extract the app image. All files inside the `/templates` folder of the image will be extracted and execution will take place **inside** this extracted folder.

For example, in our current example, hello world, the dockerfile contains:

```dockerfile
RUN mkdir /templates
COPY google-sample.yml /templates/google-sample.yml

> ```

Reviewer 3: why don't the KNS app include the line to validate the appdef.json? it does not work for me though `RUN curl --fail -X POST -d @/etc/NAE/AppDef.json https://cloud.nimbix.net/api/jarvice/validate`.

BTW, I have had to change the dockerfile of the non-kns hello world to include the install of ca-certificates or else the curl would not work. Maybe you could add that to the docs in this same PR

`RUN apt-get update; apt-get install curl ca-certificates -y --no-install-recommends; update-ca-certificates;`

Reviewer: If the validator does not work with KNS AppDefs, we should open a JIRA

Author: Yes please open a Jira.
I am even not sure the validator is able to understand apps v2.

> For each step, a `name` parameter must be set. This is only for convenience, and ease logs reading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each step, a `name` parameter must be set. This is only for convenience and ease of reading logs.
```

It is also possible to fine define retry and sleep between retries:

```json
                "templates": [
                    {
                        "name": "google-sample",
                        "type": "kubectl",
                        "path": "google-sample.yml",
                        "retry": 10,
                        "retry_sleep": 30
                    }
                ]
```

For this item, `retry` will precedence `global_retry` if set, and `retry_sleep` will precedence `global_retry_sleep`.

There are then 3 types of actions available:

##### 2.3.2.1. kubectl type

Kubectl will execute the following command:

```
/usr/bin/kubectl apply -f path/to/template.yml
```

If `type` is set to `kubectl`, then a `path` must be provided, relative to the root of `/templates` folder of the app image.
In our example, since our `google-sample.yml` file is at `/templates/google-sample.yml` into our app image, `path` will simply be `google-sample.yml`.

> Note that the kubectl type also allows to use an URL as a template, to fetch a remote template (with all risks that it implies!).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the kubectl type also allows to use a URL as a template, to fetch a remote template (with all the risks that it implies!).
```

> To do so, specify a special key `format` to `url`, and provide the URL inside the `path` key. For example, to deploy ArgoCD:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, specify a special key `format` to `url`, and provide the URL inside the `path` key. For example, to deploy Argo CD:
```

```json
                "templates": [
                    {
                        "name": "allinone",
                        "type": "kubectl",
                        "path": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj/argo-cd/stable/manifests/install.yaml",
                        "format": "url"
                    }
                ]
```

Again, YOU MUST trust the owner of the remote template to use this feature.

> ##### 2.3.2.1. kustomize type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 2.3.2.1. kustomize type
```
```suggestion
##### 2.3.2.2. kustomize type
```

Kustomize will execute the following command:

```

> /usr/bin/kubectl apply -k path/to/folder/

Reviewer: Is this correct? Should not use the example of the command kustomize instead of kubectl?

```

> And so allow to use the equivalent of the kustomize command (that was merged into kubectl command) on a folder of dynamic templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And so allows using the equivalent of the kustomize command (that was merged into kubectl command) on a folder of dynamic templates.
```

As for kubectl type, you need to provide a `path` value, relative to the `/templates` folder of the app image.

> ##### 2.3.2.1. custom type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 2.3.2.3. custom type
```

Custom allows to execute arbitrary scripts instead of using a specific command to apply templates.

> Since the init image embed helm binary, it is possible to use custom type to deploy helm based applications.

Reviewer: First reference to init image. The user of the tutorial may not be aware of these concepts.

Author: Good point, removing this.

> Since the init image embed helm binary, it is possible to use custom type to deploy helm based applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the init image embeds Helm binary, it is possible to use custom type to deploy helm based applications.
```

When using custom, a `cmd` key must be set, and it should contain the script to be executed, encoded in base64 format.

> For example, to deploy a basic kubeai, which uses helm to deploy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to deploy a basic kubeai, which uses helm to deploy:
```
```suggestion
For example, to deploy a basic KubeAI, which uses helm to deploy:
```

```json
                "templates": [
                    {
                        "name": "helmdeploy",
                        "type": "custom",
                        "cmd": "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"
                    }
                ]
```

> The `cmd` content is this script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cmd` content is the result of running this script:
```

```bash
#!/bin/bash
#

set -x

git clone https://github.com/substratusai/kubeai && cd kubeai

cat <<EOF > helm-values.yaml
models:
  catalog:
    gemma2-2b-cpu:
      enabled: true
      minReplicas: 1
    qwen2-500m-cpu:
      enabled: true
    nomic-embed-text-cpu:
      enabled: true
EOF

helm upgrade --install kubeai ./charts/kubeai \
    -f ./helm-values.yaml \
    --wait --timeout 10m
```

That was encoded this way:

```
cat myscript.sh | base64 -w 0
```

Encoding scripts prevents any kind of evaluation issues.

> ## 2.4. Gotty shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.4. Gotty shell
```
```suggestion
## 2.4. GoTTY shell
```

> It is possible to request a gotty shell to be created along the deployment of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to request a gotty shell to be created during the deployment of the application.
```

> It is possible to request a gotty shell to be created along the deployment of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to request a GoTTY shell to be created along the deployment of the application.
```

```json
                "enable_gotty_shell": "true",
```

> A gotty shell is a web based terminal, that will allow app owner to interact via command lines with its nested cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A gotty shell is a web based terminal, that allows app owner to interact with the nested cluster via command lines.
```

> A gotty shell is a web based terminal, that will allow app owner to interact via command lines with its nested cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GoTTY  shell is a web based terminal, that will allow the app owner to interact via command lines with its nested cluster.
```

> When app will be running, the app url will be by default in the `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example` format. The gotty shell will be accessible at `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example/gotty-shell`. Credentials to login to the gotty shell are provided through the help interface of the running app:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the app is running, the app URL will be in the `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example` format by default. The gotty shell will be accessible at `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example/gotty-shell`. Credentials to login to the gotty shell are provided through the help interface of the running app:
```

> When app will be running, the app url will be by default in the `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example` format. The gotty shell will be accessible at `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example/gotty-shell`. Credentials to login to the gotty shell are provided through the help interface of the running app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When app will be running, the app url will be by default in the `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example` format. The GoTTY shell will be accessible at `http://job-kns-XXX.mycluster.example/gotty-shell`. Credentials to login to the GoTTY shell are provided through the help interface of the running app:
```

![GottySHell_1](img/apps_tutorial/kns/gotty_shell_1.png)

![GottySHell_1](img/apps_tutorial/kns/gotty_shell_2.png)

> Note that the gotty shell can only be created if the local cluster administrator allowed it during the KNS main deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the GoTTY shell can only be created if the local cluster administrator allowed it during the KNS main deployment.
```
